[Music]
this is a 1963 Corvette Stingray in
silver blue with a blue interior kind of
a dark purplish upholstery killer it's
got a 327 cubic inch v8 four-barrel carb
x' and proper knockoff wheels are there
faster Corvettes yes are there bigger
engine tire melting Corvettes of course
are there cooler Corvette I don't think
so
1963 is the only year with the split
rear window this car looks like a
submarine like you could drive right
into the water and keep going it's edgy
its stubby its perfectly proportioned
with just the right amount of detail and
just the right stance
in the 60s and 70s all American
astronauts in the space program drove
Corvettes when you drive a Saturn 5 at
work you cannot get out of that and into
a Country Squire way look at the scoops
look at the nose look at the tail look
at the door cutouts into the roof the
idea behind this car is just confidence
this came from an American culture that
would just say things and do them
without having any idea how we're gonna
put a man on the moon how we gonna do it
when are we gonna do it why are we doing
this no idea we just did stuff crazy but
great and I think this cool blue is just
the right color for my are you kidding
me super special guest today
now commander-in-chief of the United
States of America President Barack Obama
who in my opinion has gotten off just
enough funny lines to qualify for
getting on this joke a few weeks ago
Dick Cheney says he thinks I'm the worst
president of his lifetime which is
interesting because I think Dick Cheney
is the worst president of my lifetime
wait up yes may I speak with the
president please speaking sir may I
compliment you on cutting all that red
tape in Washington so you still up for a
coffee
sure I want you come on by it's 1600
Pennsylvania yeah I know
I'm Jerry Seinfeld and this is comedians
in cars getting coffee
[Music]
you ready I got some stuff to do
are these washed well let's go let's go
get some coffee
well don't don't don't leave Japheth oh
you got it if you're gonna have a bite
of the Apple you've got to take it okay
could I throw this out you have a
garbage you have to use the
non-presidential Garvey oh this is a
sweet car okay now check this out this
is beautiful
I thought the coolest car American made
for the coolest guy ever to hold this
office I you know what you are winning a
lot of points with me right now a friend
of my grandfather's who had this when I
was like that was what seven or eight
years all right and I remember seeing
this thing and thinking if I was ever
able to get me one of these yeah I'd be
safe
well let's hop in let's go I'm glad you
had some free time I don't really like
this guy
be careful that hidden feel like a
little nervous a little you're doing
with Fallon it's not the sediment we're
just gonna run out for a quick coffee
we'll be right back I'm sorry that's not
possible
and I do this little show comedians in
cars getting coffee you're competing
with the president going nowhere back it
up
yes sir do you ever think about every
person you talk to is putting on an act
a total show it's a problem don't you
think every American child is a
president then you grow up loving the
president I do really well with the 0 to
8 demographic oh really
yeah they love me partly because I think
my ears are big and so I look a little
like a cartoon character right and then
little kids love saying my name right
but it's all one big name it's Barack
Obama it is one of those names that you
could compress into one word yeah that's
good Barack Obama it's like a
Nickelodeon thing well anything o'rama
is fun this is called
the Beast it's a caddy basically on a
tank frame oh my god
ya see so I could call a nuclear
submarine right here from this hoping
you don't have them I don't have that
yeah it's it's a cool feature plus seat
warmers so between the nuclear submarine
thing yeah right that's that's standard
that's pretty standard everywhere now
yeah what is it that you really want to
do that they don't let you do I would
love to just be taking a walk and then I
run into you you're sitting on a bench
right now suddenly I say hey Jerry how
you doing
hey I'm doing pretty good what you doing
nothing so Saturday morning right That
moment when you lost your anonymity and
anonymity is not something you think
about as being valuable with all due
respect yeah I remember very well not
being famous do you think it was okay it
wasn't that great yeah it was you think
being famous is better yes
I always wanted to be in a show about
nothing and Here I am you there's
nothing come on let's go get some coffee
so when you were a kid did you have
favorite presidents Teddy Roosevelt is a
cool Kari in fact he may be the guy who
would be the most fun to hang out with
he just does crazy stuff so there's just
little well Jim
patek midday you're asking Teddy
Roosevelt would go up to Yellowstone
Park for like a month and nobody knew
where he was nobody could get in touch
with him can you imagine that wait a
minute in office in office sounds pretty
good to me that's a lot of messages when
you get back
how do you get up you need an alarm
somebody calls me you got a wake-up call
yeah why not get out aside brush my
teeth shave put on some workout clothes
I go up workout shade then workout yeah
I believe in shaving before the workout
okay
the because that's how I do it and I
don't really need a reason I think I
[Music]
guess I'll just make some myself let's
let's see you make coffee how far can
you wander around up there and your
underwear how far can you get before
there's like people and it's not cool
it's not cool
generally wandering around in my
underwear can you really get a good
night's isn't this like night at the
museum when you go to sleep here first
night was of all the jarring elements of
first being elected president you know
you get the inauguration and they're 2
million people and their parades and
there's this and there's that all the
hoopla the thing that really does get to
you is after all that's over and it's
the first night and you're sleeping in
the White House right it's not like a
hotel room right so you're looking
around here thinking what the hell is
this yeah yeah that's how it feels yeah
the probably the first week there's a
lot of crazy stuff that's happened in
this house there is does that ever end
in your mind sometimes it does ya know
there are times where you you you think
okay here's where Kennedy was hanging
out right here's where Nixon was mm-hmm
talking to Haldeman about all right
whatever yeah can you adjust the
temperature in here at all is there a
thermos have you ever touched a
thermostat in here and oh cool I make a
call you make
if I slid open your underwear drawer one
brand or a number of brands you got to
go with one brand one brand one color
yeah of course this is a critical
concept with more work that you don't
need how many suits do they put out in
the morning well they don't put out sirs
I have a closet like video game the suit
I do the first reel I do I do I would
have a guy just leave the same with the
lunch here's the suit here's the lunch
what would the suit I only have blue and
and graces right no black I have one
black suit blacks too rough for a
president you gotta soften well but I'm
a cool president that's true what's the
coolest president remember a shoe
Oh God to get that's because you're in
line to get something great the Rushmore
things Rushmore would be interesting but
that's pretty exclusive real estate you
know what I know
Rushmore the other day Washington has
totally turned his back on those other
three guys he's in a different angle
yeah
have you ever had one of those george w
bush remember when he couldn't find the
door in the wall yeah and he was just
looking for the door yeah I don't ever
believe that publicly you've had one
I've had a public moment like that you
haven't tumbled down a stair you never
leaned over and just started vomiting in
Japan though nothing like this happened
so nothing what's your most embarrassing
president moment this may be it if
you're one of those guys even though
you've seemed very relaxed you got to go
off at some point the food what's your
thing without great cook nacho that's
one of those where I have to have it
taken away
I'll have it's the guacamole coming out
of my eyeballs yeah
people you spend most of your time with
are they really smart are they mostly
headstrong agenda laden idiots you know
when you're dealing with Congress
it varies you know there gonna be some
folks there that are foolish mm-hmm just
like there are in comedy or well
everyone in comedy is foolish
all my friends are knuckleheads all of
them I know some of your friends yeah
did I tell you I played golf with Larry
David I know it was you and I don't talk
that much I love Larry when we play golf
he's a fair skinned guy which is the
sunscreen lathers himself in sunscreen I
hate white all over and it catches parts
of his ears yeah yeah what sport is
politics is it chess is it liars poker
that's interesting that's it that was a
good question
it's probably most like football
football yeah because a lot of players a
lot of specialization a lot of you right
a lot of hitting a lot of attrition a
lot of attrition but then every once in
a while you'll see an opening I'd say so
you're gonna be you know you're you hit
the lime you get one yard right try play
you get set now it's like third and 15
mm-hmm but every once in a while you
have to punt a lot but but every once in
a while you'll see a hole and then
there's open field
[Music]
and how many world leaders do you think
are just completely out of their mind a
pretty sizable to say how these people
you must meet them used to be chatting
and you see in the eyes you look in the
eyes you go oh this guy's gone yeah well
and part of what happens is these guys I
think the longer they stay in office the
the more likely that is to happen
of course right they lose it yeah I mean
it will just at a certain point your
feet hurt and you're having trouble
peeing and you have absolute power and
privilege is toxic yeah it sadly it
really is that the things that people
struggle to achieve yeah they get your
positions of power influence money can
do things like it says has a toxic
effect on their judgment
yes has that happened to you yet no why
is that do you think so come on do some
more so you're a funny guy thank you you
go on some late-night talk shows people
think you're funny yeah they give you a
show right and then next thing you know
you've made like a ridiculous amount of
money so much more than you
and yet no how do I seem to you do I
seem less spoiled out of touch well I
don't know well you have a you have a
good thing for people right now you seem
like a completely normal guy but I'm
putting on an act well that's like
everyone else does for you that's my
point that's that's what I'll be right
but I'm gonna probe this the question is
how did you calibrate dealing with men
right now at a certain point you might
have thought to yourself you know what
I'm more than just a comedian I'm gonna
make a Jewish version of Citizen Kane
you know how did you keep respect I'll
give you the real answer it's gotta be
similar to your life I fell in love with
the work and the work say it was joyful
and difficult and interesting and that
was my focus so now that you're like
quasi retired man of leisure I work a
lot do you
yeah are you still doing standing are
you still making speeches
you still get hecklers what's your
theory of handling hecklers I say you
know what you seem upset I'm so sorry I
know that's not why you came in here
let's talk what kind of language do
people use what kind of English as a
general yeah does it help with your
stress level I'm gonna say how I wish
this son-of-a-bitch
I just rat bastard comes in here you
really feel awful stamp right yeah bad
stuff or stupid stuff is happening
absolutely right everyday so you have to
be able to just make fun of well a while
back yeah of course
that was even dumber and more annoying
than usual yeah that's when cursing is
really valued right all right we totally
done we're about done no problem is I
didn't work in Obamacare usually the
only reason I do these things is cuz I'm
not moaning yeah but if you want go
ahead no I mean if you don't want to
sully your I don't mind I really
don't mind with the interest of getting
people with no health care signing up so
that you know heaven forbid something
happens to them it's a great thing
please try Obamacare today
[Music]
I want to give you a shot drive this car
you know what this is a childhood drink
this is not standing yeah you ever go on
eBay No
[Music]
all right that's great I like the hand
hanging over the good Tommy that's you
guys you're gonna you gotta set it that
way
can't be doing this yeah no no good 1202
that's not cool
come on man I'm appreciably cooler than
I was is two minutes oh yeah
I bet if you talk to the guy to let us
out just just say you know I'm a
president you have a good company
hey Darrell can you open this up sir I
can't line it
that's unbelievable yeah wait
[Music]
I know that won't work it didn't sell it
comedians in cars getting coffee we'll
be right back after this brief word from
our sponsor
there you go you're good I know how to
drive man come on so he's gonna be
lurking through the bushes huh Harry
don't don't don't shoot he's very funny
guy we all like him my poll numbers
would go down if you did harm to Jerry
Seinfeld
you
[Music]